I'm really not a scumbag
I'm not like that guy
But for reasons I can't explain...
I really can't be with you
But I really didn't play you
Everyone trained very well just now
Here's the plan now
Take a break
Review your technical moves
We'll do two more sets in a bit, okay?
Come on, dismissed, dismissed
Do some stretching
Xu Rui
I didn't explain clearly yesterday
Listen to my explanation
I'm really not a scumbag
Hey, student
I don't care what you are
Please don't disturb...
...our Xu Rui's training here
Okay?
Please get out
Xu Rui
I really, really, really, really like you
But there are indeed some circumstances now...
...that make it impossible for me to be with you
I don't want you to misunderstand me
So could you...
Hey, student
Listen to yourself
I really want to shoot you, I'm telling you
But I sincerely want to apologize to you
I'm sorry
Hurry up and get out
Xu Rui
Xu Rui, it's fine. This is a small scene
Coach can handle it alone
You don't need to pay attention to him
He... You... He...
No, you guys stretch your legs
Kong Xiaocan
I don't understand
Why you wanted to break up for no reason...
...and now want to get back together for no reason
Li Wai told me you have your reasons
That something big happened in your family
That you have a cousin to support
But you said...
...your mom took you and left your dad when you were little
Her family is gone
And you don't talk to your dad's relatives
Where did this cousin pop out from?
About this...
I swear to you
My cousin is definitely my flesh and blood
But there are things I can't explain
Fine
It's a bit complicated
Anyway, it has nothing to do with me anymore
Xu Rui, really, listen to me
I really didn't mean to...
Maybe you saw me embarrassed yesterday...
...and felt you had a chance again
But let me tell you...
...I will definitely meet someone better than you
Don't be so full of yourself
Every word I said is the truth
You have to believe me
There really are some inexplicable reasons
I beg you
Please
I'm begging you
Xiaocan
Look
Does Mom look good in this?
I'll wear this to register for school tomorrow
Nice. It looks nice
What are you wearing?
Let's match
A matching mother-son outfit
I'm fine with anything
I'll follow your lead
Follow me
Shoes. I haven't changed my shoes yet
Look
Look at Mom's shoes
I'll pick them up to show you
Look at this
Mom has treasured these for years, couldn't bear to wear them
Finally got a chance to use them
Pretty good
These work too. They look nice
Nice, very nice
There's one more thing, the most important one
The finishing touch
Look
This
Look at this silk scarf
When the time comes
Mom will hold this scarf and take photos at the school gate
Like this
Okay
If I take my eyes off you for a second
You turn the place into a tourist spot, don't you?
You absolutely cannot bring this
Tomorrow, it's either the scarf or me. Me or the scarf
You decide for yourself
Xiaocan
Hurry, take a picture of me
One, two, three
Like this
Is this side okay?
Why did you actually bring that thing along?
Give it to me. I'll put it here for you
Just stand there and don't move
Look at me. Look at me
Just smile
Nothing else
Just like that is fine. Smile
Smile
Okay, got it
My scarf
Forget it. Don't get it
Look, nobody else takes photos with that
Remember your current persona
You're saying goodbye to scarves from now on
It's either the scarf or me
But scarves are so pretty
Let Mom help
Remember this
I'll go report in a bit
You go handle your re-enrollment
I know, I know. Give it to me
Don't forget to re-enroll
I know, I know
Re-enrollment
You're so slow. Mom, you really are...
Mom
No, just... just...
Can't you lend a hand?
I've got it, I've got it
Give this to Mom
No, what are you doing?
Is this moving house or moving the capital?
We live right in the city
It's not that far
We have everything at home
Don't waste the money
People just use couriers
I'll go get a cart
Need a cart! Need a cart!
Junior, here to register?
Which department?
College of Agriculture
I know that place
I'll take you there
Here, let me help you carry this
Okay, okay
Here, give it to me
It's fine
Thanks, thanks
No problem
No need, really. No need
We've got it covered here
No need, no need
Put it down, put it down
Just put it down
Okay, thanks
Thanks, thanks, thanks
Bro
One thing
I was here first
Do you know me?
Ask around about me
That's my cousin
Stay away from her. Go
Come back
Tell your friends
Stay away from her
Who is this guy?
Thanks, kid
Thanks
No, what's going on?
He was kind enough to help me carry it
Isn't that perfect?
Perfect that he helps, then you go re-enroll
What? Afraid your mom will get taken advantage of?
They're just a bunch of kids
Fang'er
You have to remember at all times
You are a son's mother
You are a mom. You don't...
Who are you calling Fang'er?
Don't give me that "cradle snatcher" stuff
Who are you being disrespectful to?
What cradle? What snatcher?
Go handle your re-enrollment now. Hurry up
Don't let me down
Look at this teaching building
It's huge
So many people
Did you finish your re-enrollment?
Done, done, done
Freshmen, this way
Freshmen, move inside
Report to your respective departments
We must study hard
Can't slack off in college
In the future, we'll either take the postgraduate exams...
...or study abroad
Freshmen, move inside
You can go report over there
Hurry up
Welcome, new students
Find your respective departments
Sign in to report
Duxing U is a platform that empowers you
I hope you enjoy...
...your university life
Lift your product up a bit
Alright, let's go
Freshmen, move inside
Wei Mingtian
Retouch it a bit, let's take a few more.
Okay, okay, I'll retouch it.
Where's the heel?
Excuse me, student, coming through.
Tomorrow you'll really be a star.
Look at this.
These floor tiles are so bright.
Look at our corridor.
It's so spacious.
Thank you, Auntie.
Hurry up and eat.
It's freshly cut.
It's much tastier than the imported ones.
Don't listen to their nonsense. Just him...
Oh my.
You're from this dorm?
Yes.
I... Auntie will put it away for you.
Student, did you come alone?
Your parents didn't drop you off?
No.
Look how independent and sensible she is.
I didn't ask you to drop me off.
Look at you. Eat this. Stuff your mouth.
Student, have a box.
It's a specialty from home.
Hainan jackfruit.
Just peeled. This thing was freshly cut.
That's what makes it tasty.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Tell Auntie when you finish it.
Auntie will make sure you have enough.
Thank you so much. You're too kind.
What's wrong with this child?
Is it your legs?
No.
The heel just broke.
It gave Auntie a scare.
Auntie didn't dare say anything.
Come, come. Put these on.
Auntie brought them. Here.
I'm so embarrassed.
It's okay. They're new. As long as you don't mind.
If you had Auntie's number...
And told me you fell...
Auntie would have come to pick you up.
Mom, why did you bring these?
They're so ugly. And you're giving them to her?
Ugly? These are beautiful.
You don't understand.
I think they look nice too.
Thank you, Big Sister.
You look younger than me.
Thank you, Auntie.
Don't mention it. It's nothing.
She's just young.
She's young for her age.
So sometimes she's not sensible.
Please bear with her.
You're in the same dorm.
She's much more sensible than little boys.
Look at my cousin's child.
Making a fuss every day.
Your cousin has a child?
No, it's my cousin who makes a fuss every day.
Not sensible at all.
That girl is quite a handful
Look
She was talking back to me just now
She's pretty well-behaved
That kid wet the bed in sixth grade
Mom, Mom
Mom, didn't you buy a ticket?
You're gonna miss it
Hurry up and go
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
Go on, go on
You guys, don't always eat takeout
Eat at the cafeteria more, that stuff is healthy
Darn it, your WeChats
Have her send them to me later
Contact Auntie if you need anything
Okay, okay. Sure, sure
And tell Auntie whatever you want to eat
This... this is guaranteed to be enough
The fruit and stuff. Hurry up, Mom
Hurry up and go
Goodbye
Bye-bye. Bye-bye
What is it? What is it, Mom?
Didn't take my bag. Didn't take my bag
Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye
Bye-bye. Bye-bye, Auntie
Wrong way
Bye-bye
Be careful
Go to sleep early tonight
Goodbye
Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye
Oh my god
I'm on a diet. This is really too sweet
Sorry
Girls, I'm gonna catch up on some sleep
I still have to livestream tonight
I'm meeting a senior later
So I might have to head out first
Okay
This jackfruit smells so bad
I have a sachet here. Here
Thanks
I sewed it myself. Here
You're Xiaoyin, right? Thanks
Thanks
I'm Chen Xiaoyin
Qi Zhuyun
Xu Qian
I'm Kong Guifang
Guifang
You don't need to be so honest with my mom
Telling her everything
You have to master the art of perfunctory responses
The art of perfunctory responses
For example
That's a bit too... you know
And also
Really nice
And that one
It's gotta be you
Got it
Oh my god
This...
Young people these days...
surely don't use these floral sheets anymore.
Th-This is just for padding things.
I'll throw it away later.
No, no, no! Don't throw it away!
This...
I haven't seen this kind of sheet in years.
This is too precious.
Quick, let me take a photo.
This brings back memories of my grandma!
This fabric, this pattern...
It's so hard to find nowadays.
You keep it.
Maybe in a couple of days,
the school drama club will want to borrow it.
They're pulling my leg, right?
I don't quite get it.
By the way,
I brought a whiteboard.
On this whiteboard,
we can write all our names.
Then we'll hang it on the door.
From now on, Dorm 315
will be like a family.
I see young people in TV shows doing this.
That's a bit too... you know.
My... my senior must be waiting.
I... I probably have to go.
Guifang, this... this is really nice.
I'm gonna unpack.
You're something else.
I'm gonna catch up on sleep.
Young people are really hard to understand.
Bye-bye.
I'm leaving now.
Mom, I've finished my re-enrollment.
I was just watching.
You were way too... you know.
Really nice.
You're something else.
Little brat.
Alright.
Go report to the department.
Although
you've missed a lot of classes
and have to start over from freshman year,
I believe in you.
You will definitely catch up.
There's a long future ahead.
A beautiful youth awaits you.
Go for it, young man.
Go on.
Your dog has been standing there for two hours.
He's not mine.
Fine, stray dog.
He doesn't deserve to be a dog.
I'm telling you,
this kind of guy,
who comes looking for his ex after breaking up,
has no class at all, I'm telling you.
Xu Rui.
I'm here to say goodbye.
You said if I still remember you in the next life,
we must be together even in death.
Cheers, cheers
Cheers
Bottoms up. Cheers, cheers
Waiter
The shrimp I ordered
What is this you served me?
Sorry, I'm sorry
It's fine, it's fine. Here
It's on the house, on the house
Thanks. I'll add a special dish for you later
Thanks
No problem, no problem
Thank you, thank you
So nice
Boss
What's going on here?
You don't look so good lately
No
I'm heartbroken
How... how could you tell?
Your empty eyes
Your haggard face
You're either heartbroken or have insomnia
You're definitely the former
Both
Alright. We're closed tomorrow
I'm taking a day off
You take a day off too
I've transferred your wages
Thanks, Boss
Wait. Boss, Boss
You sent too much
Not too much
You have school and a girlfriend to deal with
Everything costs money
Mostly the girlfriend costs money
No, we broke up
Thanks, Boss
Really, thanks for your help this year
Otherwise I don't know how I'd have made it
You caused plenty of trouble too
I... I...
Thank you
Waiter
So university classrooms are this big
And such a huge screen
It can seat so many students
Is this the ladder of human progress?
Is this the ocean of knowledge?
Finally, I can choose the first row myself
Kong Guifang
Today, this little boat of learning sets sail
You must steer it well
Nice and straight
I'll save seats for them too
A beautiful first day of college
Is about to start
Is class over?
It hasn't even started yet
Why are you here so early?
I came to save seats
Quick, quick
Come sit
You're way too early
Fang'er
Next time, grab the last row
Why?
The first row is great
Look, the teacher is right there
So the last row is better for slacking off
Morning.
Oh my god.
You're wearing that to class?
Gotta stun on the first day of school.
It's really pretty.
We're in Agriculture.
Not the Fashion Design Department.
Isn't your outfit a bit too formal?
Speaking of that makes me mad.
If my mom hadn't forced me to pick Agriculture...
I should have been studying Fashion Design.
You don't like Agriculture?
Who likes farming?
Me.
If you want to study design...
our school doesn't have a Fashion Design Department.
It's hard to transfer, too.
It's best to go abroad to study design.
Then you'd better start preparing early.
Especially the portfolio.
It's very important.
I think our academic advisor is Professor Wang Mei.
I heard she's super strict.
Yes.
I heard it's really hard to get into her grad program.
Her standards are really high.
At our school...
the internal recommendation rate is only 18%.
No professor's grad program is easy to get into.
But considering grad school this early...
isn't it a bit too early?
Not early.
It's all for future jobs.
True.
You guys know so much.
Isn't this just standard procedure?
It's only the first day.
Why are you guys already so competitive?
Morning, students.
I am your academic advisor, Wang Mei.
I assume everyone...
already knows a bit about me.
So I won't introduce myself further.
Is the beauty filter on? You're just snapping away?
I won't be taking roll call.
For the first Tri-Field Class of the semester...
let's go see the land
we will face together for the next four years.
Let's head out.
Let's go.
Once you're over here
Pair up
Stand in two lines
Fang'er
Pair up
Where do we stand?
What's the matter?
You all look so miserable
Like you're disgusted
Do you not want to come to the next class?
Yes
No way
You still have to come next time
Actually, think about it this way
Nowadays, for ordinary people
the fruits and vegetables on the table
the rice, flour, grain, and oil
are all things that you
using the cow dung in front of you
have cultivated
Doesn't that make you feel better?
Right?
Just kidding
Soil is just like that
It will dirty our shoes
It will dirty our clothes
It will dirty our hands
But
it also gives birth to
the food we rely on for survival
You students come from all over the country
After studying agriculture
you can take the skills you learned back home
and cultivate crops better suited for our hometowns
This is a very great thing
And it's the meaning of studying agriculture
Isn't it?
Where's the applause?
Alright, I'll officially start the class now
Tri-Field
means experimental field
research field
and high-yield field
Now that you've all paired up
from now on, every group
must take charge of a responsibility field
to learn how to plant
rice
wheat
and cotton
But for today
let's learn something interesting first
Today we'll start by learning
composting
This handful of nutrient soil
is as silky as black truffle chocolate
Lightly rubbed between the fingertips
it exudes the mellow scent of forest humus
Cow dung is the land's most humble gift
It carries the roughness of straw
the lingering scent of soybean meal
and
the tenderness after ruminant digestion
Water
is the master of ceremonies for this feast of decay
Not the sloppiness of tap water
but the living water from mountain streams
carrying the sweetness of moss and minerals
The honesty of cow dung
the spirituality of rotting leaves
eventually all turn into
the wriggling sweet scent in the nutrient soil
The best fertilizer
never lies
Got it?
Get to work
Oh my god, you used too much water
Such a big piece
A worm
It's okay, it's okay, it's okay
It won't bite you, it's fine
It's okay, it's okay
Don't be afraid
Xiaoyin, give me a scoop of water
Add it in there
Add it where?
Okay
Right, add it here
Fam,
no stream today.
If I'd known, I wouldn't have accepted the reassignment
and just repeated the year instead.
This major is a total trap.
And it was my own mom
who dug this four-year pit for me with her own hands.
Does Xiaocan feel the same way
about studying a major he doesn't like?
"Lost Goose Notice."
This goose even has a name.
Skyward Song.
This is the goose raised by our senior, Qu Xiang.
It says there's a big reward for finding it.
I heard this is basically her graduation thesis.
For graduation theses in our College of Agriculture,
you often have to raise pigs or ducks,
or grow some flowers and plants.
If something goes wrong with them,
you might not be able to graduate.
Then what will the senior do?
Let's go. Forget it.
I need a shower.
It's decided then.
We'll tell her when she gets back.
Okay.
What's going on here?
What is it? Sit down.
After a vote by the dormmates,
we have unanimously agreed
to elect student Kong Guifang
as the head of this dorm.
Hello, Dorm Head.
How did I become Dorm Head when I wasn't even here?
We're entrusting this glorious mission to you.
We believe you will lead our dorm
to greatness.
On your first day as Dorm Head,
you need to go to the dorm manager
for a meeting first.
Also,
from all the dorm heads in the college,
one will be chosen to join the Student Union.
I know the Student Union.
It's that student self-governance group, right?
Yes.
Guifang, from the sound of it,
you actually want to join?
The Student Union at our school
is pretty thankless work.
Basically,
it just wastes your personal time.
How can that be?
The Student Union is great!
It enriches students' spare time
and helps gain social experience.
Well, okay then.
The meeting is at 8:30.
Don't forget, Dorm Head.
Okay.
Senior
Someone's finally here
Slow down, slow down
My legs are numb, my legs are numb
Give me a sec, give me a sec
I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm fine
You're the one
Remember to come to the Student Union meeting tomorrow
Okay, okay, okay
Help me up
Sure
Wait a moment
Let me catch my breath
Okay, okay, okay. Take your time
Hello everyone
Quiet down, everyone
Everyone is so quiet
Welcome to the Student Union
I am Cao Gang, Vice President of the Student Union
The Student Union...
...is currently busy with the East Lake Jump event
So we are short-staffed
I won't waste words
Since everyone is so enthusiastic about working...
...we'll get to know each other on the job
And get acquainted
In my hand...
...is the plan for the East Lake Jump
Which student knows how to use this photocopier?
Student, do you know how?
I don't
This student
It looks like the Neighborhood Committee...
...uses the same brand of photocopier
I know how
Very good
Student, what is your surname?
Kong Guifang
Student Kong
Please make copies...
...one for each student here
And also teach those...
...students who don't know how to use it
You three students
Learn from her
The rest of you...
...can continue with your work
Is everyone this busy?
If you want to scan, do this first
Enlarge this line and this line
The rest should be...
It's Xu Rui. Everything else is fine
Just print it directly
She's also in the Student Union
Someone's at the printer. Wait a bit
By the way
That Kong Xiaocan...
...hasn't harassed you again, has he?
Let me tell you
Don't bother with a scumbag like him
Don't give him a single chance
I didn't give him any
What's going on?
What did Xiaocan do now?
He just changes his mind every second
I really don't get him
You guys try it
You haven't taught us yet
Click this first, then this
I just want to know...
...how you two ended up together
They were together?
That was back in high school
There was a monthly exam
When the teacher was grading papers...
...they found two papers with my name on them
They checked and found...
...that Xiaocan wrote my name...
...on his exam paper
Later, I asked him directly
Who knew...
...he would just confess to me
Saying he liked me
Men's mouths...
...are full of lies
Back then...
...I thought he was quite sincere
Who knew he'd be full of lies now
I really don't understand
Scumbag
Huge scumbag
Don't pay attention to him
Kong Xiaocan lied to Xu Rui
He's a huge scumbag
Xiaocan.
Mom wants to talk to you about something.
Did you fight at school?
No.
It's about relationships.
It's exactly what I was afraid of, isn't it?
No, Mom.
About this...
Have you considered my feelings?
I *did* consider others' feelings.
You consider *their* feelings?
Is anyone's feelings more important than mine here?
Are you still my mom?
If you treated someone like dirt...
Of course I have to consider their feelings.
What do you mean I treated her like dirt? I...
Did you deceive Xu Rui?
Wait, are you having a twilight puppy love?
What twilight puppy love?
Were you with Xu Rui?
And then you dumped her?
Is it spreading around now?
How is it being spread?
So it *is* true?
No, no, it's not true.
There are many things I... I can't tell you.
And I don't want to.
My conscience is clear.
I'm talking to you about serious matters.
Let me tell you, you can be a bad student...
But you cannot be a scumbag.
Give that back.
What is this?
You...
Kong Xiaocan.
Is this the kind of life you're living now?
Yeah. Ever seen a scumbag work this hard?
You don't even have enough time to rest.
I'm going to find a job tomorrow.
Go back, go back. This isn't up for discussion.
What did we agree on in our three rules?
You just focus on school.
I'm doing fine.
I only work the night shift at the BBQ place now.
During the free time in the day...
Isn't it better to earn some money?
Why did you suddenly mention Xu Rui?
I was at the Student Union...
And I ran into Xu Rui.
You got into the Student Union?
How did you get in?
Don't ask.
I don't even know how I got into the Student Union.
The first time they elected a dorm monitor...
It was because I wasn't there.
Later I got into the Student Union because I *was* there.
You young people...
You're all too competitive nowadays.
Everyone is just a freshman...
But already thinking about grad school or civil service exams.
Everyone's like that.
Except for our major classes.
Our major classes are actually quite interesting.
That's good then.
Our major teacher...
Is named Teacher Wang Mei.
She's a big professor, a real expert.
Really?
When she was about my age...
She had already published so many papers.
For the school, society, and the country...
She made huge contributions.
My goodness.
And her lectures are so interesting.
That teacher is so cute.
Always smiling.
Amazing, amazing, amazing.
I was talking about Xu Rui.
Don't worry about Xu Rui's business.
Young people have young people's business.
Can you just stop interfering?
I'm talking about serious business.
You are a man.
If you want to be with someone...
You have to take responsibility, you know?
Xu Rui is a good girl.
If you're wrong, admit it.
If there's a misunderstanding, clear it up.
Did you hear me?
Where are you going?
I've fully digested what you said.
So now I'm going to take a dump.
Classmate
Classmate Guifang
Vice President Cao Gang
From now on,
just call me Gangzi.
Junior,
Do you know where our school's
copy center is?
I know.
The one next to the campus store.
Right, right there.
It's like this.
The East Lake Jump posters are out.
I sent them to be printed.
But I'm busy right now.
Junior,
could you pick them up for me?
Sure, sure, sure.
Junior,
buy me a water or juice too.
Non-carbonated.
Okay.
Junior, you're back.
Thanks for the trouble.
Here.
Thanks.
Senior, this was 8.50.
Will you WeChat me?
Junior,
sit first. Please sit.
I'll transfer it after the meeting.
Everyone is here.
So let's continue the meeting.
We need to identify
the key issues for a smooth East Lake Jump.
So what is the key to the issue?
This junior,
why does she look familiar?
Those with pens, write this down.
Those without, use your brains.
Ruirui.
Do we know each other?
Here, take this.
I bought it for you.
Hot milk.
No thanks.
I'm not thirsty.
Take it, take it. It's good for you.
Who is she?
Have I seen her somewhere?
Why can't I remember?
With Xiaocan being so passive,
what if I don't give him a push?
Mom has to step in.
I really am amazing.
Classmate.
This is my goose.
Please help me find it.
Classmate, be sure to call me if you find it.
So cute.
It's so cute!
Hello, fam.
Today is our ID photo day.
Here, let me show you.
Yeah, the school is taking them for free.
My buddies here.
Say hi.
And for the fam asking about the senior's goose...
Haven't found it.
I'm signing off now. Bye-bye.
Did you guys know?
The senior raised the reward to 5,000.
That high?
Five thousand.
If the senior doesn't find that goose,
she really won't be able to graduate.
How many geese could 5,000 buy?
It's definitely not just any goose.
Maybe I should buy her one,
and make a profit.
You wish.
This thing of yours is unique.
I haven't seen you wear it before.
Just made it. Not bad, right?
You made it yourself?
My god.
This photo stays with us for four years. You're so handy.
Of course I have to dress up a bit.
That's amazing.
Fangfang, didn't you bring any accessories?
I did, I did.
Oh, right.
Young people nowadays don't wear silk scarves.
This probably doesn't count, right?
Wait a sec.
This actually matches your clothes quite well.
Really?
I think braiding it into your hair would look good.
Let me do it for you.
Okay, sure!
Come here.
Will this work?
Crouch down, Fangfang.
Don't you guys think this is tacky?
Not at all.
Let me tell you,
fashion is a circle.
Now, this is called retro.
Right.
If Xiaoyin says it's not tacky, it's definitely not.
You wear it like this.
Don't move, don't move.
Xiaorui.
Okay, look forward.
Look here, look here.
Goose.
What goose?
The... the senior's goose.
Five thousand bucks.
Fang'er, Fang'er, Fang'er.
Catch it!
My goose.
Xiaorui, you flank that side.
Thank you.
My goose!
I can finally graduate!
Congrats, Senior.
Let's all take a picture together.
Let's stand over here.
The background is good here. Come on.
Come on, Xiao Rui.
Stand here.
Stand right here.
Xiao Rui.
We'll split the prize money half-and-half later.
I... I just remembered something.
What are you doing? Go in.
Don't block the door. Hurry up.
Is she the girl who was with Kong Xiaocan...
...shopping at the mall?
Is she that mysterious cousin?
Three, two, one.
Cheese!
Fam, today I'll show you...
...the real life of our Agronomy Department.
Senior.
I heard from your roommate...
...that you haven't been back to the dorm for over ten days.
What are you doing?
Watching over my graduation thesis.
This whole patch is the sweet potato seedlings I just planted.
They just sprouted.
Look at them. So fresh and green.
Over there...
Th-that side hasn't sprouted yet.
These are all my graduation thesis.
And there, way inside there...
...I planted those too.
That's also my graduation thesis!
Let me tell you...
...all of this is under my protection.
I have to keep an eye on them.
With people stepping and cars driving over...
...if my seedlings get ruined...
...I won't be able to graduate!
We welcome students to apply to our College of Agriculture.
If there's nothing else, I'm going to rest.
I'm watching my seedlings.
Alright, Senior.